[baikal] clarify users management (#1277)
YunoHost/doc: app_baikal.md

To configure the app, go to the address: `sub.domain.tld/admin` or `domain.tld/baikal/admin`.
The username to specify is `admin`, followed by the specific password you chose when installing Baïkal. The password can contain any special characters.

### LDAP authentication

> By default, Baikal is configured to lookup users in YunoHost's LDAP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Baikal is configured to look for users in YunoHost's LDAP
```

directory. YunoHost's users will appear under `User and ressources` menu after their

> first successful authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
first authentication.
```
